README.md, before:

# THOP: PyTorch-OpCounter

This repository was forked from [https://github.com/Lyken17/pytorch-OpCounter](https://github.com/Lyken17/pytorch-OpCounter).

## How to install 
    
* Using GitHub (always latest)
    
    `pip install --upgrade git+https://github.com/feferna/pytorch-OpCounter.git`
    
## How to use 
* Basic usage 
    ```python
    from torchvision.models import resnet50
    from thop import profile
    model = resnet50()
    flops, params = profile(model, input_size=(1, 3, 224,224))
    ```    

* Define the rule for 3rd party module.
    
    ```python
    class YourModule(nn.Module):
        # your definition
    def count_your_model(model, x, y):
        # your rule here
    flops, params = profile(model, input_size=(1, 3, 224,224), 
                            custom_ops={YourModule: count_your_model})
    ```
    
## Results on Recent Models
Model | Params(M) | FLOPs(G)
---|---|---
alexnet | 61.10 | 0.71
vgg11 | 132.86 | 7.75
vgg11_bn | 132.87 | 7.76
vgg13 | 133.05 | 11.46
vgg13_bn | 133.05 | 11.48
vgg16 | 138.36 | 15.62
vgg16_bn | 138.37 | 15.65
vgg19 | 143.67 | 19.79
vgg19_bn | 143.68 | 19.82
densenet121 | 7.98 | 2.79
densenet161 | 28.68 | 7.69
densenet169 | 14.15 | 3.33
densenet201 | 20.01 | 4.28
resnet18 | 11.69 | 1.58
resnet34 | 21.80 | 3.44
resnet50 | 25.56 | 3.53
resnet101 | 44.55 | 7.26
resnet152 | 60.19 | 10.99
squeezenet1_0 | 1.25 | 0.70
squeezenet1_1 | 1.24 | 0.34

Commit message:

Add which commit this repository was forked from.

README.md, after:

# THOP: PyTorch-OpCounter

This repository was forked from [https://github.com/Lyken17/pytorch-OpCounter](https://github.com/Lyken17/pytorch-OpCounter), commit 38a802aad5146f89292a27fc7800000c2647bdae from Mar 11, 2019.

## How to install 
    
* Using GitHub (always latest)
    
    `pip install --upgrade git+https://github.com/feferna/pytorch-OpCounter.git`
    
## How to use 
* Basic usage 
    ```python
    from torchvision.models import resnet50
    from thop import profile
    model = resnet50()
    flops, params = profile(model, input_size=(1, 3, 224,224))
    ```    

* Define the rule for 3rd party module.
    
    ```python
    class YourModule(nn.Module):
        # your definition
    def count_your_model(model, x, y):
        # your rule here
    flops, params = profile(model, input_size=(1, 3, 224,224), 
                            custom_ops={YourModule: count_your_model})
    ```
    
## Results on Recent Models
Model | Params(M) | FLOPs(G)
---|---|---
alexnet | 61.10 | 0.71
vgg11 | 132.86 | 7.75
vgg11_bn | 132.87 | 7.76
vgg13 | 133.05 | 11.46
vgg13_bn | 133.05 | 11.48
vgg16 | 138.36 | 15.62
vgg16_bn | 138.37 | 15.65
vgg19 | 143.67 | 19.79
vgg19_bn | 143.68 | 19.82
densenet121 | 7.98 | 2.79
densenet161 | 28.68 | 7.69
densenet169 | 14.15 | 3.33
densenet201 | 20.01 | 4.28
resnet18 | 11.69 | 1.58
resnet34 | 21.80 | 3.44
resnet50 | 25.56 | 3.53
resnet101 | 44.55 | 7.26
resnet152 | 60.19 | 10.99
squeezenet1_0 | 1.25 | 0.70
squeezenet1_1 | 1.24 | 0.34
